It is important for companies to understand the sentiments of their customers or clients in order to remain competitive and grow their businesses. Traditionally this depended on feedback surveys and informal, small-scale and often inefficient methods. Today, however, there is a great deal of information on social media and e-commerce platforms related to customers’ experiences with products and services. This is available for companies to analyze and better understand their customers’ experience and satisfaction.
Accurately identifying the sentiment in a body of text requires accuracy (to be useful) and automation (to deal with the scale and nature of data available today). Machine learning models provide one solution to this problem.
Here we have collected reviews for various products and services from different sources written between December 2016 and March 2017.
Problem Statement:
Build a machine learning model using reviews about companies’ products and services that will predict whether reviews are positive or negative.
Training data set:
The training data set is divided into positive and negative reviews:
Positive: 122470 reviews
Negative: 7256 reviews
Note the imbalance between the number of observations in each class.
Data will be available in the shared directory on the AWS instance provided.
Data dictionary
Each review is in JSON format and contains the following fields:
'author': author of this review
'crawled': site from where it is crawled
'entities': if any
'external_links': if any links
'highlightText': if any 
'highlightTitle': if any 
'language': language of the review
'locations': if tracked of the author
'ord_in_thread': if any
'organizations': organization of author
'persons': if any
'published': date of publish
'text': review written by author
'thread': thread of review
'title': title of review
'url': link of review
'uuid': id of review
Test Dataset:
The test dataset has 3645 reviews in the same JSON format.
Evaluation:
Your model will be scored using Matthews Correlation Coefficient (MCC).
MCC is defined as follows:
 
MCC ranges from -1 (worst, complete disagreement between prediction and observation) to +1 (complete concordance between prediction and observation) with a value of zero indicating that the model is no better than random prediction. Read more about Mathews Correlation Coefficient here.
Why MCC? 
1.	MCC is considered one of the best single number representations of the confusion matrix - the formula for MCC considers all four cells in the confusion matrix.
2.	MCC is particularly well-suited to unbalanced data sets.
3.	MCC does not depend on which class is defined as positive and which one as negative.
What to submit: 
1.	Output: You should create a csv called “output.csv” in the format given in the example below:
Filename 	        Prediction
fdeufd53d7ed.json	negative
fdedmbkd537.json	positive
ceded37ddded.json	negative
cedeffd53ddd7.json	positive
qweedeufd537.json	negative
2.	Code: please submit the code used to generate your predictions. Accepted formats are .ipynb, .py and .R. Please read the triathlon rules for more information.
